The Joe Rogan experience. Have you seen those?
They're have you seen those videos?
The fetish videos of people who like to look at videos of people getting stuck
in mud? Do you know about that fetish? No. Have you heard about that?
Oh, dude. It's like, I don't know.
Can we show it without look up YouTube stuck in people stuck in mud.
People are into people that get stuck in the mud. Yeah. Yeah.
It's like a fetish. Like it's like, and there's all these videos of people.
Like if you found, I mean like, so.
The humans are stuck in mud,
like walking and then someone comes along and their mouth or something. Well,
no.
It for, no, it's just someone stuck in mud.
Like at first you look at it and it looks like,
why did that dude just throw himself in that swampy mud?
And then he gets out of the mud or they'll start just like wiggling around in
the mud and like, yeah. It's oh my God. Crazy.
Well, uh, okay. You're I found something, but it's not,
it could be an evolution of car stuck girls, but maybe not car stuck, girls,
girls that are stuck with their car. Like they need help. And then like a porn,
someone needs help and they're in a helpless position. I dunno. That's.
Always in a movie, right?
The guy's waiting in the bushes with a gun and the girl's standing there with
their hood up and the guy runs out, Hey, gimme a keys. Yeah.
Hold on. I it's on YouTube. Yeah. There's Fe I, oh, sorry man.
I thought you were looking in like porn. I don't even know if it's on porn.
I typed in, stuck in mud fetish videos. And then there's a lot of,
of like car forums.
Like what's up with all these girls getting stuck in the mud. <laugh> <laugh>.
Like what the happening? Are they getting stuck in the mud with their legs? No.
No. It's like their automobile.
Yeah. Like a.
BMW. The one I've seen is mostly primarily dudes. Like it's like, oh guys.
Get stuck in the mud and then other guys get.
No there's no other guy. It's just like a guy, like, you know the LaBrea tars.
Yes. It's just that. But with a like guy with abs. Oh my God. Who's like, oh,
they're yelling. They're just like, you know, like they're just stuck in mud.
Wow. Weird. Yeah. Yeah. People are so strange. It's a, it's a,
that fetish is a really interest stigma. But I think any, you know,
you're kind of lucky if that's what you're fetish. Yeah.
There's a lot of mud out there, man. It's like, that's a.
It doesn't seem like Fe you hurting anybody. Yeah. No.
Unless you pay someone to go get stuck in mud and like they like sink down into
quick sand or something. Well, do you.
Think that the people that are they fantasizing about themselves being stuck in
mud? Don't know. I don't know. Right? It's open interpretation. It could be.
They're just really into watching hot guys that get stuck.
Someone's filming it and they jerk off. Well,
the loser that mud you loser mud.
Beautiful. There you go. That's why, I don't know if this is one,
it says 130,000.
Views and it says what you.
Said long girl all gets stuck in very sticky mud.
Yeah. But you notice like, it's not like they're trying to get out. That's.
At first. You're just to be honest,
she looks like the kind of girl that would just give up. Like,
I don't even think she's that stuck. Like, come on. You're not that stuck.
I'm stuck. I can't see. Just done. Yeah. Just done.
Yeah. How much did they pay her to do this? 50 bucks? I don't know.
How much do they have to pay you?
How much do they pay me for my mud videos? No. If.
You wanted to do a mud video,
if they wanted you to do a mud video like that free.
<Laugh> just gimme a good pack. Jam mud outgoing. Why not?
Oh, this a, a cute Asian girl.
Chinese girl gets stuck in mud with cute sneakers. Oh no.
She's got cute sneakers.
She's gonna walk right into the mud with those cute sneakers, honey.
Those are valuable. Yeah. What are you doing? These.
Are great. Jamie? I haven't seen any of these. Like, I'm gonna ask.
Weird. These are new. They're so.
Weird. Yeah. It's a weird, it's a very strange fetish.
I don't know if it's like, oh, there's playlists.
Maybe it's like an ASMR thing or something. Maybe they, you know,
maybe it's not even like sexual. It's just something in it. It's like relaxing.
Dude. She took her shoes off. It's sexual. Yeah, that's true.
But she's got her feet. She's moving around, getting all squinch.
You're a dirty girl with you're dirty.
Feet, dirty feet.
In the mud. Look at her. She's getting down that dirt lost a sock.
Yeah. This is weird. Weird, man. Imagine this is your whole life and you like,
you go on the forums and you talk about guys getting your new squishy feet in
the mud videos.
Yeah. That'd be really weird, Joe.
So Jamie let's pull up something about the news. <laugh>.
I mean again, why here's a real question? Here's a we're question.
Why is that so strange, but like someone who collects stamps that's normal,
right? Some guy who loves, oh, scares, scares your aunt.
He dressed up like a Nazi. He's all the way down.
And he goes all the way to his head.
Still smoking too. He's.
Like quick sand. Is he in quick sand? Is that what that is? Yeah. Yeah.
This is a whole playlist of mess. Mud and quick sand.
You remember when people were terrified of quick sand and then it stopped being
a thing? No, this there's a whole Radiolab podcast about that.
It's really interesting because you hear the podcast, you go, oh yeah.
I remember like people were scared of quick sand and then all of a sudden it
went away. I forget what their reasoning is. Well, when.
We were kids, that was like one of the ways you could die. Yeah.
It's quick is quick sand. And sometimes you would like,
if you're out in the woods and there was a suspicious patch,
you might even poke it with a stick because it's like, that's.
That was a whole trope and like old movies. Yeah. You know,
like tars and stuck in the quick sand or you're in the quick sand, then you,
someone throws a vine that you pull yourself out. Yes, exactly.
It's in like 80 different movies.
What are you supposed to do? If you are really quick sand,
you're supposed to treat like it's water and swim. Right?
I've there's videos on it.
Jamie says, no, go Jamie you a quick sand. No, I there's videos on it.
I was gonna say, I've seen one.
Recently, if you that's quick sand,
the best thing to do is is if your phone isn't up,
set it up to take a video and then send that video to, I love mud boys,
gmail.com. It's my private email. I will come to you.
<laugh> trust me. It seems like I won't get to you, but I will come to.
Come on. You I'll get you outta the mud. I'll pull you out.
Imagine that usually a thing. I think you fall back on you.
You have a service in your service is you get people outta the mud and you give
them 1200 bucks,
but you gotta jerk off on their face while they're trying to get outta the mud.
Like you go out there with like big mud shoot was like snow shoes,
but only for mud. Then you come out there and whack went off in the head.
They go, okay. All right, we're good. Deal's a deal.
And you harness em up to a rope and hit, hitch it to your winch and drag.
'em outta the swamp. Think of the bad line. And you give him money though.
Give 'em 1200.
Bucks. Here's 1200 bucks. Thank you. But to me that's like the,
that would be a great scene is like, somebody does get stuck in quick sand and,
and someone like they see boots and they're like, thank God, thank God.
And it is like a mud fetishist. Who's like, oh yeah. You know, like, no,
I'll get to you. Don't worry. I'm gonna save you. But just, you know,
enjoy it for a second. What.
About this? What if the, the, the, the real mud fetishes, they set up traps.
So they made their own mud holes.
They dug em real deep and used some real silty. Very fine.
Sort of sand. Yeah. So if you get in there,
you slide right in like it's quick sand and they have traps,
they have traps and they've got like a little camera trap that sends a text to
their phone. So we got one and then they,
they start chew in on Viagra and start getting their Dick hard.
And then they run.
<Laugh> dude, or like, like.
A spider, you catches something in its nest.
But you kind of fall in love with them, you know?
And then you start dating them and then like, but then, then, you know,
like all of a sudden you realize like everyone they've dated,
they've saved from quick sand and you begin to realize like, oh,
they're doing it.
On purpose. You go into you looking for something like, um,
does he have a flashlight? Let's see, find, go through stuff here,
look for a flashlight.
And you find schematics for how to build the perfect sand pit. Ah.
You, you trick me, dude.
It shows the water where the water's coming in to make the quick sand, you know,
like need this amount of water to capture 200 a pound man. <laugh>.
Like there's metrics based on wait.
<Laugh>, that's what he likes. He wants to get like big burly,
like fireman type dudes, a jerk off on their hair. That's the thrill. Well,
they're, they're trapped.
He knows maybe like he knows calls for specific types of people.
Like he knows what'll draw Turkey called
that's dude. Um, have you ever done one of those? Like,
have you ever gone to spa and in they're like, and they're like, oh it.
I'm gonna do like a, I'm gonna get a massage. But then you see in their catalog,
they've got a mud dip you can go into, that's somehow healthy for you. Like,
you know what I mean? Like it's a cuz considered like a healthy thing.
You lay it up to your head. It's like, you know what I'm talking about, man.
Like, it's like, yeah. So do mud spots. Have you ever done one of those? No,
I have not. They're awful. Awful. <laugh> dude,
I went in there cause like we, um, you know, I was with a,
I brought a girl. I was with my girlfriend at the spa and it looked,
they made it look all romantic and.
It's like a couple's mud dip <laugh> and like, you know,
there's like flowers in between them and stuff and you see it in the picture and
it looks somehow relaxing your brain parties. Like how could that how's the,
that can feel good. Like it's like just sitting in mud,
but it looks kind of cool. And you know,
you're I love getting stoned and getting massage it,
like I might be following your high, just being mud. We got in these things.
They're they're like next to each other. And like, dude,
like they don't number one, they don't this picture.
That's.
So stupid. Ah, that was like it, they somehow they make it.
Whoever's doing the shake has made try, like, see if you could make a fake, you,
this is a cut normal thing for a couple to do.
And then also you realize they don't change the mud. Oh,
I'm pretty sure they don't refill the mud. Would you dirty?
Yeah. Yeah. It's dirty. Oh my God. Yeah. Yeah.
So the culture that came out of some dude's balls is all like
mingling with your cultures and all it's like breeding in the mud.
Yeah.
Exactly. Dude. And not only that, but like the ones that we were in,
I don't know if they heated it wrong or whatever,
but time my touched like close to the bottom, it was burning my.
So it was like, oh, so the heater in the bottom,
the heater in the bottom was like burning my. So I was having to do like this.
I don't know what you call, like arch my back in the mud, like doing dips. Yeah.
I was like doing dips in the mud <laugh> and then it's hot as.
So like my heart like starts racing also. I'm like, I was pretty high,
but my heart's like,
my is like getting incinerated by this thing and.
Like, oh my God, you went to a janky place. Mm-hmm <affirmative> I, I janky.
Mud bath place. Not gonna argue. That's actually the name of the place.
Jan's mud bath place. <laugh>